This library is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along
with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

In the standard distribution of SimKit, the GNU Lesser General Public License is
available in the "lgpl-3.0.txt" file in the "licenses" directory. The GNU
General Public License, which the GNU Lesser General Public License amends, is
also available in the "gpl-3.0.txt" file in the "licenses" directory.

The choice of the GNU Lesser General Public License, version 3 (forthwith
referred to as LGPLv3) was made to balance the concerns of making the library
useful with not wanting to easily supply proprietary platforms with code. It
allows SimKit to be used by any project, so long as the following points are
met:

 * The library is provided with source code available
 * The user of your software can link new versions of your program, e.g. by
   replacing the simkit.dll file with a modified version
 * The user of your software must be able to install a modified version of the
   library onto the platform your software was destributed on
   - i.e. you can't distribute on locked-down platforms

You should consider your target platform carefully when taking the Free Software
license. If you are not familiar with the terms of typical Free Software
licenses, you should consult a lawyer, especially if your application is to be
sold as a commercial product.

As far as I am aware, the LGPLv3 status of this library will not restrict
distribution of applications that use SimKit on the following platforms:

 * Devices which allow users to execute arbitrary code
   - PCs running operating systems such as Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X
   - Consoles such as the OUYA
   - Handhelds such as OpenPandora
   - Smartphones and tablets running Android that allow users to install
     non-Market applications
 * Application stores on devices of the above categories
   - PC-focused gaming stores (e.g. Steam, Desura, and so on)
    (Some stores have NDAs regarding their security APIs.
     You should consider how this will affect your ability to comply with the
     source code distribution and licensing requirements, and design your
     applications accordingly.)
   - Mac App Store
   - Android Market
    (Excluding devices which do not allow users to install non-Market apps.
     These are rare, as far as I remember AT&T was the only carrier that tried
     to block Android application development, and they lifted it shortly after.
     Nevertheless, you may want to consider blocking sales of your application
     on such devices.)
 * Devices which have been modified to allow users to install arbitrary code,
   or applications stores only available to users who have done so
   - Cydia and other similar alternative iPhone app stores
   - Homebrew loaders for otherwise locked-down consoles
     e.g. the Homebrew Channel (Wii)
   - Application sources for the above, e.g. teknecal's Homebrew Browser

This list is non-inclusive and further platforms may also comply with the LGPLv3
source-code disclosure and Installation Instructions requirement. Here is a
non-inclusive list of platforms known *not* to comply with this requirement:

 * Platforms where licensees aren't allowed to provide Installation Instructions
   or disclose source code
   - All Nintendo platforms, e.g. the Nintendo Wii, DS, DSi, 3DS, Wii U
   - Microsoft platforms that check software authenticity against a public key
     e.g. the Xbox 360, and Windows Store "Modern UI" applications
   - Sony platforms that check software authenticity against a public key
     e.g. the PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable / Vita
 * App stores on the above platforms
   - iOS App Store
   - Nintendo eShop
   - PlayStation Store
   - Windows Store

Please note, however, that many of these platforms listed also have EULAs
prohibiting compliance with the (L)GPL's prohibition on additional terms of use.
For example, one cannot distribute GPL software on the iOS App Store, because
Apple adds additional legal terms incompatible with any version of the GPL.

Additionally, this library requires Freetype, which can be used under GPL terms
or it's own custom FreeType license. The FreeType license requires the following
mandatory attribution statement:

    Portions of this software are copyright Â©2013 The FreeType
    Project (www.freetype.org).  All rights reserved.

Anyone including SimKit in their program must also include FreeType, and thus,
must include this statement. The GPL terms are version 2 or greater; however,
you cannot use SimKit with GPLv2 software, as even though LGPLv3 allows linking
with another license, it imposes additional restrictions on the distribution of
the software which GPLv2 explicitly prohibits. Thus, if you choose to take the
GPL terms, you must take them as version 3 or any later version. This should not
affect most users of SimKit.

If you wish to use SimKit in a project where LGPLv3 licensing is unacceptable,
please contact the main developer, David Wendt <dcrkid@yahoo.com>. I may be able
to assist you. Generally, if your project is Free, but incompatible with LGPLv3,
I could extend the project's licensing terms to allow users to take SimKit with
different terms, so long as those terms also comply with the Free Software
definition.

If you need to use SimKit in a proprietary software project, I would be willing
to sell an exception. We would have to negotiate additional terms, including
potential up-front or per-unit royalties. Additionally, I would prefer to have
any modifications to SimKit done during the development of the excepted project
to be recontributed back to me for publication under the normal licensing terms
(as well as provision to future excepted parties).

If source recontribution is untenable, e.g. you are writing a game for platforms
whose SDKs are under NDA, then the cost of an exception will increase. However,
I would prefer not having a blanket no-contribution exception. For example, I
would be fine with an exception saying "Use the latest SimKit and make the
minimum number of modifications necessary to support the Nintendo 3DS". I would
not be fine with an exception saying "Use the latest SimKit, add ten million new
features to it, and never release it to anyone". In cases where the NDA allows
me to accept the code, e.g. if I become a licensed console developer in the
future, I will ask for custodianship over your branch of the code such that the
resulting code can be shared among other parties under the same NDA.

I cannot legally except the FreeType attribution requirement. I do not own the
code in question, so you must comply with it. However, I know of no platform
where doing so is not allowed.

Naturally, since I may sell exceptions in the future, contributions to this
project will require either total copyright assignment or a worldwide,
non-exclusive, royalty-free license basis. Minor contributions such as small bug
fixes may not require such scrutiny. In any case, sending contributions to me
indicates that you are okay with this, but I may ask for signed consent
documentation for contributions that include any major new code or features.

i.e. Sending a bugfix or something else that's obvious, I'll just accept it.
Sending something big like Bullet or ODE integration, I'll probably want docs.
